Listrak - add information for new events (#5126)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/cloud-apps/listrak/index.md

`list_id` | An ID used to identify a list.
`list_name` | A name used to identify a list.
`order_total` | The order total associated with the conversion.

> `unsubscribe_type` | The method by which the contact was removed from the list. See [here](https://help.listrak.com/en/articles/1550570-unsubscribed-contacts-report#unsubscribe-method-definitions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`unsubscribe_type` | The method by which the contact was removed from the list. For a list of unsubscribe methods, see the [Unsubscribed Contacts Report](https://help.listrak.com/en/articles/1550570-unsubscribed-contacts-report#unsubscribe-method-definitions).
```
